On today's episode, we talk about vibe
coding. We talk about human in the loop
and we talk about the internet built for
AIs. And we also talk about AI to win at
fantasy football because that's a big
one that we need to cover. Stay tuned.
Welcome to the AI Lab unfiltered
podcast. We're gonna talk about AI.
>> Really?
>> Right Pete?
>> Damn, I'm in the right place.
>> Right. Pete from New Wave.
>> Says Drew from Bisream.
>> Says Drew from Visam. So, I want to
throw out We are in the beautiful studio
Jefferson right outside Grand Rapids.
And we are powered by Think Tank Thought
Leadership
and they do the thinking for us. If
you're wanting to do a podcast, use
Think Tank because they will literally
run the whole thing for you.
>> They do the thinking. We do the tanking.
>> Yeah, whatever that means. Yeah,
>> we've we've tanked this podcast.
>> All ones of you listening out there,
we'd like to.
>> We're Yeah, we're not tanked at the
moment, but maybe we maybe we should
grab a drink after this.
>> I was going to bring a beer for all of
us. Uh, but 131 South the from uh from
I96 was closed and so I had to go around
and then I ended up going um I missed
the Hall Street exit. So then I went up
to uh Burton and then looped back
around. So I was glad you guys took a
little bit longer on the last one
because I was I think I strolled in at
like 10:57
>> and I know it's like be here at quarter
2.
>> Yeah.
>> And so I was like no you're good. You're
good. And we've got one of one of our
friends of the show on here. Again, this
is his second time returning. And
because he didn't bring beer, this is
the last time he'll be on here. Just
kidding. John Butler, the co-owner of Ky
Ross Digital. Welcome, John.
>> What's up, guys?
>> Welcome back.
>> Yeah, glad you're back. Glad you're on
here.
>> Was the last one in March?
>> April, maybe? I
>> think so. It was.
>> You might as well said 1952. I have no
>> in AI terms.
>> I think it was still cold.
>> Yeah. So, I don't think we hit summer
yet.
>> We're going to talk about vibe coding.
>> Yeah,
>> because you do a lot of vibe coding.
>> A lot of it.
>> And you do it you do it pretty well,
too, from what I've heard from others
even.
>> Yeah, I guess I'm okay.
>> People are saying
>> people are talking about you.
>> You do it well.
>> I've got a client in the the the
backspace over there. I'm working with
John on a project.
>> Oh, no way. Yeah, John was just in here.
>> Yep.
>> That's awesome. So, talk to me about
what the last time we were on, we talked
about a couple projects of yours. You've
got some new stuff that you want to
show.
>> Mhm.
>> Talk to me.
>> Well, I I'm trying to think where we
left off last time. I mean, we talked
about some of the projects that I was
building. We talked about ID inventory a
little bit. Um some voice AI, but you
know, I I kind of started getting into
this heavily in in the beginning of the
year. Since then, um there's been a lot
that's transpired. Um
>> these have been going really well. Uh
like currently I've got
>> 16 projects in flight. Um and I I will
say that probably all of them will get
done before mid to end November. Uh so
with all of that being said, what I'm
bringing to you guys today is something
that I'm really excited about. It's uh
it's called Human in the Loop. And
basically what I've done with all of
this vibe coding is
AI by itself, it kind of sucks, right?
Like it can do a little bit. And we
talked about like the replets and the
lovables and how
>> they're they're good at at doing these
like visuals. And when we were talking
about idea inventory, I was saying,
well, I I kind of solved that by being
able to do comprehensive technical
blueprints to give it to the AI builder,
right? Well, the other thing that I I
found is that these AI builders, right,
they're super buggy and especially if
you're trying to build something like
super custom. If you just want like a
marketing landing page, they're great.
They do a really good job.
>> But the the thing is that they are um
you know, they're kind of focused on on
one file at a time. They're writing code
in one file at a time and they don't
have full context of everything else and
how whatever they're they're writing
affects everything else that they're
doing. Mhm.
>> And so that was kind of my first goal to
try and solve like how can I get AI to
have full context of the entire project,
especially when it gets really really
large. How do I have it look at
everything so it's not like creating all
these bugs, right? I I do this update on
this portion of the the software and the
whole thing breaks and then I'm spending
an hour trying to debug that, you know,
small little enhancement that I was
trying to do.
>> Yeah, we've always said it AI gets you
85% of the way there, but that last 15%
that you have to build out then and
tweak and modify and get it correct
>> takes 10 weeks, right?
>> It's tough. It's It's definitely tough.
Um, but because of
just like the the experience and the
knowledge that I've I put together over
the last, you know, 20 years of doing
software sales, I've kind of like been
able to bridge some gaps and be able to
like solve some things that these AI
builders there, it's either not on their
radar or, you know, maybe it's not like
they're the actual um use case that
they're they're trying to do. So for me,
I'm trying to help clients build custom
software, right? And I want to be able
to leverage these AI tools to do it very
quickly um and to be cost effective.
>> Mhm.
>> The biggest problem there is like it it
can do it quick. It's cost effective,
but the quality junk, right?
>> Um and so, you know, a majority of these
are are are building vaporware. They're
building prototypes. Um, so I I started
looking at all these different tools to
try and leverage, right? I've got a um
like a burner Instagram account. I've
got a burner uh Tik Tok account where I
will get on that and I will scroll
because I've got the algorithm in a way
where it's just like only giving me like
new tools, AI insight.
>> That's a smart way to do it
>> because I didn't want it on my personal
life. personal one. I want I want to see
stuff about like ThreeI Atlas and
Right. Right.
>> You could do a whole podcast on that.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I was actually listening to
uh uh something with uh Avi Lobe on
>> on Rogan. Yeah.
>> Yeah. I listen to that one too.
>> Yeah.
>> He talks really fast. So I like to
listen to my podcast at like 1.5 and I
couldn't do it with him.
>> It's exactly what I do. I had to turn it
down. It's like Yeah. 1.2 1.3
>> 75.
>> And he's got like that German accent so
it was like makes a little bit harder to
understand too. Yeah,
>> it's cool to listen to. I mean, uh I
don't know. We can kind of get
sidetracked. What do you guys What do
you think it is? Do you think it's a
spaceship? Do you think it's a comet?
>> I I I'm kind of like, uh what what is
it? Uh what was the show with Scully and
Moulder?
>> Xile.
Yeah. Like I I should have that t-shirt.
So, I I don't know. I kind of lean
towards believing that there's a little
bit more to what's going on there.
>> I feel the same. weird.
>> It's Yeah, weird is underlined multiple
times. It's
>> I'm the same way. I want to believe it
is, but I need that just that concrete
to push me over.
>> The anti-tail is so strange.
>> Yeah.
>> Like it it almost
>> it seems like that would have to be some
sort of propulsion system like pushing
it away from the sun's gravity, right?
Because it doesn't want to get
>> it wants to slow down. It wants to take
some take some pictures.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So that's anyways that's that's my
my personal like Instagram and Tik Tok
account is just stuff like that. Um
>> but so so this other one I'm always
looking at these these different tools.
>> And the the tool that um is probably a
top five one for me is uh parallel.ai.
You guys familiar with that?
>> No, I haven't heard of that one.
>> I've got it uh got it up right here. So
let me me show you guys this.
Oh. Well, I guess I need to connect to
the internet.
Just use my phone.
>> Do we?
>> All right.
>> My phone will be faster.
>> There should really be a sign in here
with the with the password.
So, if you guys aren't using this, let
me see if I can just get to the main
page.
Okay, so Parallel.ai is something that I
found um while I was like scrolling, I
don't know, Tik Tok or Instagram or
whatever. It is it's crazy as it is to
to say, it's a new internet. And so, you
can see right here, it's AI are the the
new users. Um, it's got the highest
accuracy web search for your AI. So, I I
kind of came to this realization in
maybe July that when I would have um
when I would make API calls to Claude or
OpenAI or whatever to try and do
research for me, um the research was not
accurate, right? We we all know if if
you know something very intensely and
you ask AI to go do a bunch of research
for you, it's it's not going to give you
solid information back, right?
>> Some of it is good, right?
>> But when we're when we're looking at
this, and I can't remember the exact
exact number, so don't quote me on this,
but I think chatbt 5.0, they claim to
have a 57% accuracy with whatever it is
doing for live web search. And
perplexity, I want to say, is like 9%.
And those guys, they're happy with that.
They they think it's pretty good. And so
I I figured this out because um I'm in
this fantasy football league and it's
with a bunch of buddies from high
school. We've been doing it for 20 years
and they all pay these massive
subscriptions for these tools to help
give them advice. And I'm like, I'm not
paying like $150 a month for this stuff,
but I I want to beat him. I've won the
league twice, right? And so there's that
competitive edge.
>> I'm trying to beat these guys.
>> And so I was like,
>> why don't I just make my own AI tool to
like give me insights and and you know,
kind of like scroll through our league
and tell me if guys get dropped or tell
me if there's injuries. I want it to go
through X and to look at all these beat
reporters and if there's stuff
happening, these beat reporters are
going to be the first ones to to know
about it. And so I I had it start like
pulling all this information and I was
noticing I was like this is way off,
right? It was it was talking about Aaron
Rodgers for the Jets and it was saying
stuff about Christian McCaffrey being
injured and I was like well no, right? I
I know for a fact that Aaron Rogers is
not on the Jets anymore and Christian
McAffrey is healthy from what I know.
And so I was like why why are you
telling me this information? And it's
like, well, you know, sorry, I'm getting
I'm getting um research confused with
training data,
>> right? So, it's it's it cuts off at a
lot of these. It's like January 2025.
>> And so, all these AI agents, right,
these LLMs, they're designed to be
helpful.
>> And so, above all else, they're trying
to give you information. They're not
just going to say like, "Sorry, I can't
do it. Sorry, I can't." to everything,
>> right? because that's what they would
probably do for for a majority and
people would be pissed off and be like,
I'm not using this anymore. I'm going to
go back to Googling stuff.
>> And so, because they're designed to be
helpful, they fabricate
>> to the point where I was I was telling
it like, "Hey, I want I want uh links
included with this." I was trying to fix
it and I was like, "Include links so I
can verify that the information that
you're telling me site your source
>> is true." and it would provide links and
I would click on the link and it's a
bogus link and I was like you got to be
kidding me with this.
>> Yep.
>> So I ended up finding this um and what
this does is it's basically a way for AI
to view the internet. So AI right does
not see what we're seeing right here. It
it can't it doesn't have eyeballs,
right? We see we see this image. We see
stuff flashing across the screen. We see
black text, right? I mean, maybe it can
kind of see that, but it it can't pull
like, you know, what's in the the hero
image to see certain things. It just
doesn't get all of the context. And so,
what this company did, so this is the
guy that launched this is the uh um the
former CEO of Twitter. So, in between
Dorsy and Musk was this guy, and I can't
think of his name. He's a younger guy. I
want to say he's like in his early to
mid4s. Um, and so when uh Elon bought
Twitter, turned it into X, he fired this
guy. That guy started building this. And
so check this out. So what he does is he
turns all these different websites into
this view. So then AI can go look at
everything like this and have eyes like
we do.
>> So this is their website. And so when AI
is tasked out to like, hey, tell me
about parallel, um, what does it do? How
does it work? Instead of seeing what we
just saw, the human view, it sees
everything in the machine view.
>> And so I was like, well, this is pretty
cool. I can really leverage this to to
do some good stuff.
So now when you're
uh when you're working on projects and
you need to find the latest tools, you
need to find whatever design trends, you
can't just have your AI agent go do it,
right? You're going to want to do a deep
research. And so if we look at history,
um let's see.
Uh
all right. So, this is this is where I
was trying to um put another tool into
Claude Code called Puppeteer. And so, I
was just trying to get some information
on the best way to do it. I don't want
to read all of this, right? There's
there's a ton that it's it's finding. It
looked at um 1456 different pages and
then it uh actually leveraged 669.
And so it it derived a really nice
report, but I don't want to read it. So
what I do is I put it in machine view,
copy it in either a JSON or markdown
file, and then go give it to my AI agent
to then start to leverage and give me
insights and whatever I want to do. So
this basically is the tool that I'm
going to give to other AI agents to go
search the web live.
I should you guys not as I was like
getting into this and starting to build
these different loops I was like man
this is kind of like Skynet.
>> Yeah
>> right because if if AI agents can like
get everything in real time with
absolute accuracy they're going to get a
lot smarter. And so as I was syncing up
these API keys to these different AI
agents I was like I really hope I'm not
making Skynet. Like there's got to be
other people that are doing this too
right? this cannot just be me that's
like adding these different tools
together. There's there's got to be
other people that are doing it. And I
started to make myself feel better. I
was like, "Hey, I'm not the only one
that's doing there. Other people are
doing this for sure."
>> No, this is exciting because when they
make the Netflix movie about you
creating Skynet, they'll use footage
from the podcast and Drew and I will be
will be in it. Like we're going to be
we're a part of history.
>> Yeah.
>> This is awesome.
>> I can at least say like right now like
look, I wasn't trying to do it. I just
wanted to build software.
>> That's how they all start. It's all
something very altruistic and next thing
you know, you're annihilating the whole
planet.
>> Next thing you know, whole planet's
getting robots.
>> Before that happens, Atlas will bring
aliens down and that will clear me of
all like the trouble I could get in for
uh some sort of Skynet machine.
>> Um, so that kind of leads me down to to
the next part of this. Right now, my AI
agents can actually go do what they're
supposed to do. They can find
information. and they can they can get
like accurate data for me to be able to
use to leverage in these other tools.
>> Can can I apolog
for clarification? So right now if I'm
using Chad GPT
I can go in I can hit the plus sign and
I can say I can pull up the tool that
says web search.
>> Yeah. And that is going to go
scan the internet the traditional way.
It's going to try to mimic how a human
would go and search the internet
>> kind of,
>> but you're searching in a different way.
So you're calling an API to parallel
that you that goes to the AI formatted
version of those pages.
>> Yes. So there's there's two ways to use
parallel. You can either use the the API
and have that go directly to the
software and then have your other LLMs
analyze and and put together information
that you that you're looking for. Or you
can just manually do it like like this
>> within the parallel interface.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So if I wanted to do new
research, I would just click here and I
would say like, hey, this is I want to
do whatever, right? I'm trying to I'm
trying to find data on on these things.
And so then it's going to go do that
that deep research for me.
>> So you're are you saying then that this
would be because right now Perplexity of
of of the popular LLMs is the clubhouse
leader when it comes to research.
>> Mhm.
>> This is this surpasses that
>> I think so.
>> Okay. And it's because of the way that
it's of how it's seeing the internet.
>> Yeah. And you know, of course, like I
said in the beginning, I don't know if
it's still accurate, but I do remember
seeing that Perplexity's
um search result accuracy they claimed
was 9% accurate. 9% of the data that
they returned was accurate. And I don't
know if that, you know, of course there
there could be some searches that people
do that are 100% accurate. There could
be some searches that people do that are
0% accurate. So it's it's taking the
average there. Um, but I do know that
it's pretty dangerous to just trust
these things wholeheartedly, right?
There's there's so many people and I,
you know, even uh Avi Lo was talking
about this with his students at Harvard,
he was saying that he can tell when
students are just copy and pasting, copy
and pasting, right?
>> So, especially if you're doing this for
work, right? If you're trying to do data
analysis, if you're trying to do
whatever, it's kind of like um you
remember when we were when we were in
high school and uh you know these these
they're not called smart calculators.
What graph
>> graphing calculators?
>> Yeah.
>> We started using
>> TI 82.
>> Yeah. Yeah. We start using these and the
teachers would be like okay for for this
quiz you can't use your TI 82. And
you're like why
>> why you know I have this tool why can't
I use it? and they're like, "Well, you
need to know how to do these things in
case you use the tool incorrectly." You
at least have like a roundabout idea of,
you know, 2 * 150 doesn't equal 450,
right? It's 300, right? So, you at least
kind of like know these things. And so,
you know, it's kind of scary to think
that all these people are having Chachi
PTS and Claudes and Perplexities go do
this research for them and they're just
they're not even like looking at it.
They're just copy paste back in
and they themselves say like, "Hey, this
is not 100% accurate."
>> Yeah.
>> People are just used to
>> Well, and people are Yeah. just saying
that this is the gospel. This is this is
100 Well, because I saw it online. I saw
here it
>> this LLM told me it
>> right
>> and it's like yeah and it's got a
terrible it's terribly hallucinating at
that point and fabricating from nothing
>> right
>> I don't think a lot of people know even
in the beginning of what you were saying
where the training model ended
December 5th 2024 on that one and so
it's just going to make up the rest it's
not going to tell you that it's I don't
have that information
>> still fabric
pick and choose, right? You were saying
like if I go to GBT and I have it do
this research for me and then it builds
this analysis,
who's to say if it takes uh research
from some random Reddit and uses that as
accurate or if it uses its training
model data as accurate or if it uses an
article from CNN as accurate, right? But
it's giving you some sort of feedback to
determine that,
>> right? So that's why I feel like when
using this, at least I'm getting
something that's much closer. And then
if I can if I can take this tool and
combine it with this other tool, now
it's even better.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. So
>> you're kind of supercharging it. Yeah.
>> Exactly. And so that kind of leads me
down to to to this next piece with um
you know these these rapid AI
developments. I'm building a lot on
Replet. I'm building a lot on on Bolt.
I'm building you know I'm using Lovable.
And it all depends on the type of
project that I'm working on. And so I'm
I'm doing my um my technical blueprints,
right? I've got Charlie the architect
built out. I've got that full knowledge
base compiled where Charlie is doing
these amazing comprehensive technical
blueprints. there, you know, 1,500 to
5,000 lines of context about what this
project should be that I hand over to
Replet or I hand over to um you know,
Lovable, the problem is is that the
context windows of these AI builders is
small. So even though it says like,
"Okay, I've reviewed your entire
document. I see everything. I'm I'm
going to go build and it goes and does
this pretty little front end in the
beginning.
It's still picking and choosing what
it's going to build and then you have to
go in and you have to say like okay like
did you follow the entire technical
blueprint? It's like
>> kind of and you're like come on man like
let's go we can do this let's let's get
this. So I'm spending you I'm still
producing these things much faster
>> but it's still taking me too much time.
Like in my head I'm like it's this
should be better. I should be able to
get this better, right? But I was still
stuck in the the fact of like one single
AI should be able to do this for me,
but it just couldn't. And so then I
started to I started to shift my thought
process and started to think like, well,
just like with this parallel, if I'm
able to take these tools and combine
them together, then it it will start to
get better, right? And so I start adding
new things. I start pulling new pieces
into these projects to be able to work
together and take specialists and make
them all kind of work in conjunction to
get me like the the quality standards
that I wanted. And so as I'm doing that,
right, it's it's probably taking me
an average project that that I'm
building that is, you know, it's super
custom,
>> right? It's it's building like these
advanced CRM that have bits and pieces
from all these major players. Um, you
know, John is is building like this ERP
solution essentially for like wedding
planners and for um people that are are,
you know, obviously getting married. And
so um you know, I've got one that's a uh
it's for property management where it's
using um OpenAI vision to scan uh
invoices and as it's looking at all
these different invoices. So, it's it's
reading your emails um through like a
forward. It's scanning for attachments.
It's finding invoices. And once it gets
the invoice, it takes all the key
elements from the invoice that was sent
to your email and it puts it into your
property management system. So, you
don't have to have a person just keying
everything in.
>> Nice.
>> Taking a bunch of time.
>> Yeah.
>> So, stuff like that. So, it's not like
just silly like landing page websites.
>> Yep.
>> Right. So, as I'm building all these
out, um, I'm getting better as I'm
building it. The tools are getting more
robust. I'm starting to compile all
these things together that really like
work and make sense, but it's still
taking me too long. And I'm still having
to like go back in to these AI agents
and say, "No, come on." Like, this is
wrong. Go back, redo it. Go back, redo
it. And then it I would even get to
points where it's like the project's
fooar, right? it just it got too it got
too muddied up and so I'd have to start
it all over again. And
>> as I'm doing this, I'm like, "All right,
if I've got these AI agents that can do
specific things and like I've got my
technical blueprint agent, Charlie, I've
got my deep research agent that uses
Parallel to send back to Claude to do
this analysis. What if I start to build
out all these agents that are doing all
the things that I'm manually doing,
right, in in these builds that are that
are pushing to GitHub and that are doing
code reviews and that are are looking in
and testing all these buttons and making
sure like the back end and the front end
are talking to each other and all these
these things that people are doing. It's
like AI can really do all these things.
one AI can't do it, but if I make a
bunch of them, then it could. So, I was
like, well, I'm going to I'm going to do
that. And so, for the last like three
months, I've just been head down um
building this this tool. And so, I'm
calling it uh human in the loop, right?
So, it's it's 19 different AI agent
specialists that are all designed to do
very specific things in the software
development ecosystem.
And um I'm using Claude Code as like the
main builder. As I was doing all this, I
I figured,
you know, all these tools,
they're not rappers of Cloud Code, but
they they kind of are and they're
expensive, right? So every project that
I was building on like a Replet, um for
example, was costing me hundreds of
dollars in token use. And I think they
do that on purpose because right that
they want these bugs to exist because
once you get so far into it,
>> what are you gonna do? You're going to
just give up and stop using it?
>> No, you're going to keep building it.
Keep building because you're you're
invested. You're pot committed.
>> But so, you know, we when we're building
all these protocols and we're we're uh
>> um running through all this stuff, like
the the biggest thing was being able to
have full context of the entire project.
And so, uh, Google launched a new tool
and I played around with that for a
little bit and trying to think of it's
not called Jupiter. It's called, uh,
oh, I can't remember. Um, but anyways,
that's that's what they claimed is like
this thing would have full context and
it's basically like a clawed code
competitor. Um, but it's not as good,
right? And I kind of determined all of
this when looking at like the rounds of
investments that these companies were
getting and they're all getting like
tens of millions, hundreds of millions,
right? And Anthropic is getting 14
billion.
>> And I was like, this probably is the
engine that's powering everything. So
maybe I should just right really focus
on this. And turns out I I think I was
right. So by taking um claude code CLI
right right now you guys can see like
I've got this up in my my terminal um
and I'm building everything and then you
know we've got uh got on we don't want
that
>> anybody wants to meet with John
>> yeah if you'd like to schedule a meeting
>> kale.com
>> so we got in local host right um and
this is this is the dashboard of uh of
loop so um human in the loop loop loop,
right? And and that was the whole theory
is that
>> I wanted to be able to have one person
run an entire software development
agency and basically have unlimited
scalability where the only
responsibilities I have right or anybody
would have are client facing because you
don't want to lose that right clients
still want to talk to a person. So, a
lot of this is dummy data, right? This
is just in local host and I just have it
for for presentable reasons. Didn't want
to put um
>> yep
>> real client information in here. Um and
so I'm using this for myself right now,
but I'm planning on launching this right
for public consumption uh in in the next
month or two. So, when we look at this,
right, this is the mission control
center, right? You got your total
projects, active projects, how much
revenue, what's outstanding, pending
approval, active builds, financial
command center, your agent command
center. So, this is giving a bunch of
warnings. Obviously, it's because uh um
it's saying the agents aren't connected,
but it's for uh for demo purposes.
>> Sure. So, the first thing I'll show you
guys is I wanted to be able to have like
a master agent that I could basically
like click on and I could say what is
the status of anything, right? I want
you to know everything about everything
that's happening in the ecosystem. So,
that's where we got this this loop
master agent can ask it whatever you
want like, hey, who's late on payment?
Um, what agents are having the worst
success rates? What do I need to go
clean up? Uh and then this is the rest
of the stuff that you know from being in
a software development agency for 20
years, these are the things that I know
that you need. Um but the biggest thing
is these these different AI agents. So
how this normally works for me right now
when I'm manually doing this, the
process of manually building all this
out is I'll run a discovery meeting on
Google Meet. I'll have Gem and I
transcribe the meeting and then I will
take that and um I'll turn it into like
a project brief and then I'll I'll hand
it over to Charlie or uh well actually
take that back. I hand it over to a
proposal agent that I created and I'll
have it build out a proposal based on
everything it knows through this
discovery meeting. Right. Um, I'm trying
to put together,
just for for the purposes of this, I'm
trying to put together a um
uh what is it? I'm losing my my train of
thought. Um
gosh, it's where it's where uh a little
widget will pop up on my Google Meets.
It's uh it's not a it's not a Google
app. It's uh I'm having a major brain
fart. I cannot believe I can't think of
this. It's
>> I feel bad that I can't help
>> one of these. What are these?
>> Oh, um extensions.
>> Yeah, Chrome extension. Gosh. Um I'm
trying to do a Chrome extension where
this Chrome extension will be able to
sit in on the Google Meet. It will be
able to live listen to everything that's
being discussed and it'll be able to
prompt a salesperson to say like, "Hey,
make sure to ask about payments. Make
sure to ask about, you know, this piece.
you know, hey, it looks like they're
going down a rabbit hole of things.
Like, bring them back in and try and
like get things um back organized for
them. So, I've got that, but I it's a
work in progress because it's just for
me right now and I don't feel like I
need it. Um but other people might. And
so, anyways, it goes to the proposal
agent and then it goes to the agreement
agent and then it goes to the project
manager agent. Then it goes to the
alchemist, right, who's creating all of
the the stuff to be able to hand over to
the research agent. Then finally, it
goes to um the architect and then it's
being handed to the foreman of the
project, right? Who is going to oversee
all of this and then it's going to the
autonomous builder.
>> Getting all excited over here.
>> Yeah. So, it goes to the autonomous
builder, which is uh Claude code in uh
in the CLI. Um, and then it's got a bug
fixer, quality guard, um, analyzer,
uh, the prompt engineer. So, this is
just basically like cleaning up, um,
prompts that these AI agents are giving
each other, making sure that they're not
just talking about, uh, you know,
whatever AI agents talk about, probably
nothing. um AB tester, regression
detector, outcome tracker, uh knowledge
curator, um GitHub services, Slack
services, and then uh Puppeteer
services. So, a puppeteer, right?
Basically, what I've got right here is
is um I've built my own like lovable,
right? So, I've got my chat on this side
right here, and then this is my preview,
but it's all just all on my local
machine. So, not only does this cost
like
I don't know what
it's it's much cheaper, right? This the
stuff that I would build on here that
would normally cost hundreds of dollars
on a replet is costing me a few dollars
with this. And I don't know if this is
true, but I've also read rumors that um
Claude or Anthropic when other tools are
using their servers, like they're
getting the shitty servers and Claude
Code's getting the good ones, which kind
of makes sense, right?
>> Competitive edge. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So, they want people to use um and
who knows like that that could be
complete nonsense, but um that was just
kind of like another selling point for
me. It's like,
>> well, if it was me doing this, I would
do that, too. So,
>> yeah.
>> Okay.
>> Um so, anyways, you got all these
different AI agents and they're all
designed to work together and they're
all designed to have like specific
roles and responsibilities that they're
all really good at. By themsel, they're
awful. But working together in this
assembly line, now it's cooking. Right
now, I can actually start to do some
damage.
>> So, you took all the best parts of
these AI tools and said, "You're good at
this part. I'm going to use you just for
that." Yeah.
>> And then you're going to this next tool,
>> which is really good at this one thing
specifically. You're going to do that
and then just on down the line.
>> Right.
>> Nice.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, I I was thinking of it
like a an assembly line, right? Like a
loop. And when you think about like, you
know, building cars back in the day, you
could build a really good car, but how
do you do it faster? How do you do more
of them, right? Put them on an assembly
line.
>> Yeah. How do you automate parts of the
assembly line?
>> Well, why couldn't we do the same thing
for software?
>> Yeah.
>> And so, that's kind of what uh you know,
where I landed with with this. So now
in theory, haven't fully I don't fully
trust this yet, right? But um like I
said, I'm working on 16 different
projects. They're all, you know, for for
most of them, they're taking me probably
80 hours total for each of these these
projects to get them across the the
finish line. Um some are probably a
little less. Some between like 40 and
80, right? So my goal with this is each
project should take me four hours and
the only responsibilities that I will
have as human in the loop is I need to
run the Google meet. Um and then this uh
Miles is going to send me Slack
notifications that says, "Hey John, this
part of the project is either done or
having issues. is you either need to go
look at this or you need to approve it
because it's client-f facing and before
anything goes to a client I want to be
able to improve it right I don't want
just AI going willy-nilly sending emails
doing doing whatever
>> so now that should be my only
responsibility and instead of me going
into claude claude code and prompting
prompting prompting or in replet
prompting prompting prompting all that
is done so these are all just working in
in the background now and they're doing
everything that they're supposed to do.
So, it's it's like truly autonomous
because they're all kind of like saying
like Claude Code says to, you know,
Maverick, it says like, "Hey, all right,
I've finished this part. You know, what
do I need to do next?" Right? Claude's
always Cloud Code's always giving like,
"Hey, here's where we're at. What next?"
Well, that's where Maverick comes in
where it's going to say like, "Okay, did
you do XYZ?" Right? Did you Did you do
all the trim on the side of the house?
No, you haven't yet. Okay, go do that.
That's what you do next. So, this can
just work while I sleep.
>> Nice.
>> Holy [__]
>> Yeah, I'm excited about this, guys. So,
um
>> I am too. It's been it's been uh
it's it's it's been a long time in the
works and it's it's been a a lot of like
me trying to think through
because you guys know right with what we
do in our day-to-day there's there's so
much domain knowledge that you have that
you don't even think about
maybe is even like valid in in like a
process like this. It's just it's second
nature, right? You don't think about how
you walk. You just walk,
>> right? And you know, AI agents aren't
like that. So you if you don't give them
like the okay, you're going to put one
foot in front of the other. You're going
to use your heels, your toes, your
ankles, your knees, your hips, right?
That's how you walk. Well, we just take
it as second nature. AI needs to have
like a full grasp of how to do that. So
that's like, you know, what these these
19 different AI agents are for. And the
other thing, too, is I I was like, I
have to be able to do more than these,
right? because obviously I'm charging
less than than what I would charge for
traditional software development because
the margins are good. I I could
>> y
>> but I wanted to like really like you
know doing 10 to to 20 of these projects
every month like you're making decent
money but I was like how do I get to a
hundred?
>> How do I get to a thousand?
Well, now as long as I have enough
bandwidth to take discovery meetings and
to approve or deny on Slack, I can do as
many as as I want, which I think could
be around a hundred a month.
See, this is [__] awesome. Um,
>> it really is. is Drew and I are just
kind of silent over here because and if
you can smell the smoke. Well, I don't
talk too much. The smoke's not coming
out because of of the the earphones, but
I mean this is
>> you have pulled together a some of the a
lot of the stuff that we've talked about
in here and and outside of here. So, one
of them is, we've said this several
times, if you're going to integrate AI
into your business, you need to treat it
like a human because you have to give it
instruction, very clear instruction what
it's supposed to do.
>> And the idea of trying to have one AI
that does everything is not a good idea.
And so, what you've done is break it
down into individual components and then
that thing is
>> amazing at that one thing, right? You
can't I wouldn't ask you not going to
ask it to do things that it's not
trained on just like you wouldn't if you
had a specialist in your organization.
You're not going to ask a painter to go
weld because that's not what they're
they're good at. So the other thing is
really knowing the workflows. So 20
years of experience doing this has
allowed you to completely understand the
beginning to end flow of how the work is
supposed to go through the organization.
So you're com that's why and we've said
that that domain expertise is so
important in the age of AI and that that
knowledge um and just regular business
knowledge and you know being in in out
and working with clients for 20 years
like all that fed into this right
>> so I think that's so important for
anybody that wants to build anything is
one you need to be able to know it so
well that you can describe it to an
agent that is going to reproduce that
thing but also understanding into the
business well enough that you can break
it down like that. I think that's this
is that personified and it's incredible.
>> Thank you. Yeah. I I think another
you know I I thought of it as a weakness
when I first started doing this but I
think it's kind of an advantage to me
now is you know when I started this
journey I didn't have any coding
background right I've been involved in
software for forever but I didn't have
the background of actually writing the
code. And so what that led to is me
having to dissect, right, all these
different AI agents, all these builders
and almost like take them apart. How do
you work? And then I could say like,
okay, well that's good. That's good.
>> That's going to be a weak like that's
going to be a problem for I need to
figure out how to solve that one thing.
Whereas, you know, if you just take a
regular de developer, senior developer,
they're going to say like that's [__] I
won't use it. Well, that one's okay. I
can use it for this this one thing. And
so, by doing that, I was I really had to
like learn and and teach myself all
these things. So, you know, for me, I'm
up till like 2 3:00 a.m. every because I
got my regular job, right? But I'm up
till like 2 3:00 a.m. every night
grinding on this
>> because I'm just like, this is going to
be sweet. And yeah, you know, once I can
start using this for myself, like I'm
going to be able to take my my current
workload and 20x it. So, it should be
worth it.
>> It should be. And you know, you started
extrapolating this. So,
what if you weren't a software dev shop
and you were an accounting firm?
>> Yeah.
>> There's all there's going to be an agent
that can plug into all the different
roles and responsibilities of an
accounting firm.
>> Yeah. There's a wide application for
this.
>> Yeah. So it and again we're not never
have and and won't advocate you know
replacing people with this but if you're
able to replace the things that are
automatable and let the people do the
people part like interacting with
clients is a is a great example of
>> for the foreseeable future at least
>> for current our generation generation
one or two before are going to still
want to interact with with humans. when
they're making business decisions,
>> right?
>> Next generations coming up is going to
be a diff different story. They're going
to grow up in an AI native world and and
their agents are just going to talk to
other people's agents and and and all
that.
>> But um this I mean this is powerful.
You're you're you're really freeing up a
lot of the mundane work that people just
they're doing it because they need to
pay their bills and they need a check,
but they'd rather be doing something
that they were more wired for. Yeah.
>> Well, and I think you're not replacing
your people. You're elevating them,
evolving them, as we always say,
>> to managers to manage. Here's your team.
>> Yeah.
>> Here's your team of 19 people right
here.
>> Yeah.
>> That are that are all specialists that
are able to work together seamlessly.
>> That's what you're now doing. You're
managing that team.
>> Yeah.
>> Just a virtual team.
>> Absolutely. So, this isn't designed to
replace Replet or Lovable or Base 44 or
any of those things. This is it's an
agency specific tool, right? So, it's
it's for people that are in sales and
that they're like, why am I making all
this money for this company? I should
just be doing this myself. If I could
just like have a team, but I don't have
any technical background. Like, what am
I going to do?
>> Could use this.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. And as long as you know enough to
basically say that's bad, that's good or
that's not working, that is working,
like you have enough technical
background to use a tool like this. And
then there's also the scalability
factor, right? If if your guys company
if you had a hundred clients knocking on
your door tomorrow, how many of them do
you have to turn down?
>> Right. Right.
>> Well, that sucks because they're just
going to go find somebody else who can
do it for them. So you're if if you're
capped at what you can produce,
but if you had if you said, "Hey, I've
got 100 clients for you. Just allocate
one person for me and a month of their
time."
>> Mhm.
>> In theory, right? Maybe it'll be a
little longer. Maybe it'll be two
months. But if you were to say that,
you'd be like, "Yeah, we can handle
that. Like we can take on 100 clients.
Sure, no problem." And they just need to
be comfortable knowing like, hey, like
this is this is how you do things with
traditional software development. This
is what I tell people, right? Here's
your avenues. You got traditional
software development. Here's how it
works. Here's the people that you work
with. Here's your team. Here's how you
interact with them. Or you have, you
know, these these AI assembly lines,
right? Your rapid AI development. Here's
how it works. Here's the benefits. You
know, here's a SWAT analysis essentially
of both of both parts. Um,
I haven't had anybody though that said
like, "Give me the traditional."
>> Well, sure. Sure. At that point,
>> and it really all comes down to the the
monetary amount. And
>> I don't I mean, maybe people are just
they like deals. they like. But if
you're looking at a bill that's $20,000
or you're looking at a bill that's
$300,000
and one of them you get in, you know, 4
to 8 weeks and the other one you get in
8 to 16 months.
>> Well, and it's still meeting my goals,
>> right?
>> You're still meeting my goals.
>> Yeah.
>> So, why wouldn't I do the 20,000,
>> right? Do you want a car that's that's
somebody builds by hand or do you want
to buy one off the You know, as long as
Exactly. As long as you're not making
like a souped up, you know, whatever.
Probably taking the assembly line car.
Yeah. It's your daily driver.
>> We got to wrap this up. Damn it.
>> We're actually overtime.
>> Over time. The OT with the AI lab.
>> This is awesome. Thank you. You're
welcome.
>> Yeah, I always appreciate having you on,
man. This is cool stuff. Um,
we're probably teeing this up for the
third episode you're going to be on.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, but this is really good stuff. I'm
really interested to see your results of
how you're using it, how stuff evolves
in here, each each part of this.
>> Can I ask you guys opinion on one thing
before we wrap?
>> Sure.
>> So, eventually, right, I'm using this
for myself. I want to launch this as a
SAS product or or whatever.
>> Sure. Um, I'm toying around with the
idea and I've I've got some forecasting
and stuff put together. And you know,
when you're building a SAS product,
you're always thinking about like what
are my price points? Excuse me. And um,
when we were doing all this forecasting,
it was saying like we probably want to
be around somewhere between like $1,500
and $2,000 per month for something like
this for agencies. And I was like,
what if I were to flip it on its head a
little bit and what if instead I said
this was free and anybody could get on
it and instead of charging per, you
know, per deal that you did, what if you
just ran a commission? Because all these
AI agents, right, there's an AI agent
that facilitates payments. They handle
Stripe. They handle agreements. They do
all of that. So, you have to use that AI
agent before it goes to the next part in
the assembly line. So, in my head, I'm
like, well, I could just have it to
where anybody could use this for free
and if they close a deal, they keep,
let's say, 80% of whatever they close
>> and 20% goes back to this.
>> So, win-win, right? You got an 80%
margin on this this piece, which is
unheard of, right? Nobody has an 80%
margin on custom software. And this
makes a lot of money, right? Because
this thing runs on like a 97% margin.
Um, and then that way it's zero risk. So
anyways, you guys think that's a good
idea, bad idea? It's probably like a
stupid question, right? I feel like it
has to be a good idea.
>> No, it's an interesting question. the
the only so far the only hiccup
I don't know what word I was trying to
come up with that I could think of is
what if I just used it what if I bought
it for New Wave and I just used it to
build for New Wave then you wouldn't get
anything.
>> Well the the thing is that's how the
system works. If you wanted to build a
project you would have to upload the
transcript right of that project. Then
it's going to go to the proposal agent,
right? That proposal agent's going to
say like, "Hey, this is what it should
cost, right? And it's got like a floor
capped, right? You can't go under. You
can't go sell this for $5." And so then
it's got that that piece, right? And
then it goes to the agreement agent. The
agreement agent puts together the
agreement. They sign it. Then then it
goes to the Stripe agent. Payment
processes. And before that payment even
hits your account, my cuts taken out of
it. So, um, the other piece too for for
like sake of this,
>> so I couldn't use it for my own company,
my own use, because I'd have to pay I'd
still have to pay to use it to do it
myself.
>> Are you saying building projects for
>> for New Wave for internal use?
>> You could use it and then whatever the
cost of something would be. So, like
let's say something is $10,000 to build
that this thing thinks um it would cost
you $2,000 to build.
>> I get the homegrown discount cuz I'm
using it for my own.
>> I could I could hook you up. Yes,
>> but it's it's
>> No, I wasn't. I wasn't asking for a
discount. I was I was just thinking take
New Wave out of it
company XYZ.
>> Yeah.
>> Because I'm going to be really tempted
to use it. I'm going to want to use it
for my own company.
>> Yeah.
>> And I if I'm in the kind of business
where I'm supporting clients, sure, I'm
going to use that whole workflow that
you just described.
>> Would there be if I've just called it an
internal project, could that be free for
for me? Or I guess just something to
consider because you're I guess because
you're asking, I'm just trying to think
of the ways that you could get tripped
up, you know? But
>> um well, because the way this is is
structured, right? If we go into
like the admin panel,
do I have that in here?
Um, there is somewhere where you have to
plug in your API keys.
>> Yeah. So, you're you're configuring all
your API keys. So, the customer or I
guess the the client of of of loop um is
paying all the token costs. So that's
why like my margins for this is insane
because I'm paying like $12 a month,
you know, to to host it and then
whatever tokens I'm personally using for
clients, right, is just coming out of
the margin of that project. So for me to
take this on like an enterprise scale
for like a SAS company, it cost me
almost nothing, right? It's just
>> users being on the site and using it,
but they're using all their own tokens
anyways.
Interesting.
>> This is awesome. This is awesome.
>> Thanks. I know we got a wrap, guys. You
guys probably want to get lunch. You've
been in here for
>> Appreciate you being on here, man. Yeah.
>> Tell our viewers where they can find
you.
>> Yeah. Uh I mean, all the social media
channels, right? LinkedIn. Um
>> I don't know, like I'm not really big on
social media, but I'm on there. If you
send me a message, I'll respond to it.
Uh you can email me Kyros. umd
digital.com. You can find me there.
>> Awesome. Well, John, thanks for being on
our show. Thanks for showing us this.
This is awesome. This is really exciting
to see where this is going to go. So,
we'll definitely check in with you.
>> Thanks, guys.
>> If you like today's episode, please hit
the like and subscribe button and leave
us a comment at the bottom if you're
building something using AI as well.
Thanks, everybody.